README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" height="200">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">DigiWF Vuetify Component Starter</h3>

  <p align="center">
   This is a template project for creating vuetify component libraries
     <!-- <br />
   <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a> -->
    <br />
    <br />
     <!-- <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This project is a template to provide Vuetify Components as a library. It provides various functionalities that would otherwise have to be created by the user:

- Detailed configuration of the rollup-config
- Preconfigured build and release pipeline
- Dev server for local development
- Instructions to use the package locally with `npm pack`

Of course, one template is not suitable for all projects, as your needs may be different. Just fork this repository and start developing your own vuetify component library!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


### Built With

This project is built with:

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)
* [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
* [Rollup](https://github.com/rollup/rollup)
* [vue-sfc-rollup](https://github.com/team-innovation/vue-sfc-rollup)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

_Below is an example of how you can installing and setup up your service_

1. `git clone `
2. `npm install`
3. `npm run build`

### Developing the library locally

1. Start the dev server with `npm run serve`

### Use your library in another project locally

Run the following commands in your library:

1. `npm run prebuild`
2. `npm run build`
3. `npm pack`

Make sure you have provided all the necessary dependencies in your vuetify project and add the library vai `file path`:
 
```
"digiwf-multi-file-input": "file:../digiwf-multi-file-input-1.0.1.tgz"
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

The template has several functionalities that can be configured.

1. Clone or fork the repository
2. Adjust the parameters in the package.json (name, description, repository etc.)
3. Build locally or publish it via GitHub Action

There is already a ready-to-use GitHub action in the project to publish projects on npmjs.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

it@m - opensource@muenchendigital.io

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/blob/master/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

Commit message:

Feature/preview (#7)
* working draft

* adjust input-param

* added form for testing rules

* working draft

* cleanup

* validate file size

* build errors fixed

* Bool -> bool

* format

* export fixed

* "no preview available"-text added

* component wrap added

* docu

Co-authored-by: Dominik Horn <dominik.horn93@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" height="200">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">DigiWF Vuetify Component Starter</h3>

  <p align="center">
   This is a template project for creating vuetify component libraries
     <!-- <br />
   <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a> -->
    <br />
    <br />
     <!-- <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This project is a template to provide Vuetify Components as a library. It provides various functionalities that would otherwise have to be created by the user:

- Detailed configuration of the rollup-config
- Preconfigured build and release pipeline
- Dev server for local development
- Instructions to use the package locally with `npm pack`

Of course, one template is not suitable for all projects, as your needs may be different. Just fork this repository and start developing your own vuetify component library!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


### Built With

This project is built with:

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)
* [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
* [Rollup](https://github.com/rollup/rollup)
* [vue-sfc-rollup](https://github.com/team-innovation/vue-sfc-rollup)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

_Below is an example of how you can installing and setup up your service_

1. `git clone `
2. `npm install`
3. `npm run build`

### Developing the library locally

1. Start the dev server with `npm run serve`

### Use your library in another project locally

Run the following commands in your library:

1. `npm run prebuild`
2. `npm run build`
3. `npm pack`

Make sure you have provided all the necessary dependencies in your vuetify project and add the library via `file path`:
 
```
"digiwf-multi-file-input": "file:../digiwf-multi-file-input-1.0.1.tgz"
```

Attention: the pdf preview component must be globally imported like this:
```
import Vue2PdfEmbed from 'vue-pdf-embed/dist/vue2-pdf-embed.js';
...
Vue.component('Vue2PdfEmbed', Vue2PdfEmbed );
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

See 'serve.vue' for usage.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

it@m - opensource@muenchendigital.io

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/it-at-m/digiwf-multi-file-input/blob/master/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
